well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about robots talking robots and what
they can tell us about pretty much all
of our communication Carnegie Mellon
University they're currently interesting
study they took 40 people and they had
them play game against a robot named to
pepper some of them would be encouraged
while they were playing the game by the
robot some of them would be insulted
with such horrible statement says I have
to say you're a terrible player what
they found out was that those who were
encouraged played better and those who
were insulted played worse these are
people who knew with robot some of them
understood that it was programmed to do
that that couldn't be mad at the robot
but it still got in their head it still
caused them discomfort it's still
affected their gameplay now AI
researchers they're all over this to
them this is extremely interesting and
very telling you know robots even when
you know it's a robot can affect your
emotions and yeah man that's that that's
definitely a take away from this but it
tells us a whole lot more than that how
we talk to our kids
probably be better to be encouraging
what I mean it's very clear that if a
robot can affect an adult like that and
they know it's a robot and they know
it's programmed to do that imagine what
our words to our kids still words have a
lot of power imagine the effect that
internet comments have like the ones
that are going to show up below this
video surely they probably have more of
an effect than people really give them
credit for because the reality is that's
not a robot that's a real person while
most times it's not a robot that's a
real person there's a row views so
before you leave a comment like that
understand a lot of people are gonna
read it and it's gonna affect them you
have a choice in what you put out into
the world
and what you put out is gonna be taken
in by somebody else even if it's even if
you think it's just a harmless comment I
must say you're a terrible player from a
robot had an effect your words will have
an effect on those people that read them
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night